okay this is my second video and today
I'll show you how to set up a virtual
machine in VMware i'll be using vmware
workstation i know the quality is fed
and this monitor is horrible but
something bad happened to my laptop
screen yeah anyway what you want to do
is press new virtual machine I use
testing for Advanced Options but usually
in your purse typical college typical
this time press next and then you'll say
you're in star disk image all using iso
file and next and your operating system
and type in your name all right I'm
already gonna tell y'all what the
operating system is going to be it's
gonna be osx86 yes I know anyway set the
brim the size you want I'm gonna do nine
hundred megabytes little over nine
hundred press power on
and it should be black in there now go
and start like a normal computer with
press any key to install mac OSX press
ENTER and looks all this stuff knife
right this is going to be a osx86 story
and takes water load is gonna take long
okay now it will shell blues grand all
that Texas then there's a blue screen
probably with a spinning cursor all
right a few seconds it'll show up with a
window out as you just let your language
or yeah i'ma go fullscreen and using
English press next let's say preparing
installation take a second I mean the
reason I'm not use a screen recorder
like Camtasia for this is because I used
too much memory and I don't want to
steal super slow so that's one of your
questions get answered all right a few
more seconds in your spiel and put some
comments below if you have any problems
I might be able to help you alright and
just wait oops one second sorry
okay after a while yeah this should pop
up don't click anything it go up here
and click utilities click utilities and
then disk utility all right now loading
the second in after it loads by
gathering this information then you
select your hard drive and then you
wanna press me brace and then Mac OS X
extended John you can type in whatever
name then press erase all right after
that fresh continue and a little Drive
should pop up right here first continue
and then if you have it all right if you
have Intel there's going to be a thing
after this it's going to customize if
you have Intel it's like Intel give and
Isla aim AMD if you don't get more right
all right but anyway after that's
finished installing here already have it
installed so I'm not about to install it
again that if you have questions I will
answer them but power this off
okay we'll go back to vmware all right
now the name mine is mac OS x tiger and
power on it's just shove a Apple then
I'll start doing a circle unmute it
right here yes if it shows a little
symbol with the cancel thing and you
might be out of work and just try it if
you don't leopard try Tiger okay now
this actually takes a while like you
can't expect you to go super fast in the
virtual machine unless ya by eight years
of ram and put like four gigs dedicated
to this